add docs for supporting bindings in the CLI and reports (#1152)
kyverno/website: content/en/docs/Kyverno CLI/_index.md

```

The below example applies a `ValidatingAdmissionPolicyBinding` along with the policy to all resources in the cluster.

Policy manifest (check-deployment-replicas.yaml):
```yaml
apiVersion: admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: ValidatingAdmissionPolicy
metadata:
  name: "check-deployment-replicas"
spec:
  matchConstraints:
    resourceRules:
    - apiGroups:
      - apps
      apiVersions:
      - v1
      operations:
      - CREATE
      - UPDATE
      resources:
      - deployments
  validations:
  - expression: object.spec.replicas <= 5
---
apiVersion: admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: ValidatingAdmissionPolicyBinding
metadata:
  name: "check-deployment-replicas-binding"
spec:
  policyName: "check-deployment-replicas"
  validationActions: [Deny]
  matchResources:
    namespaceSelector:
      matchLabels:
        environment: staging
```

The above policy verifies that the number of deployment replicas is not greater than 5 and is limited to a namespace labeled `environment: staging`.

Create a Namespace with the label `environment: staging`:

```bash
kubectl create ns staging
kubectl label ns staging environment=staging
```

> Create two Deployments that violate policy, one of them in the `staging` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create two Deployments, one of them in the `staging` namespace, which violates the policy.
```

      labels:
        app: nginx
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: nginx
        image: nginx:latest
---
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: production-deployment-1
  namespace: production
  labels:
    app: nginx
spec:
  replicas: 4
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: nginx
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: nginx
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: nginx
        image: nginx:latest
---
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: production-deployment-2
  namespace: production
  labels:
    app: nginx
spec:
  replicas: 2
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: nginx
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: nginx
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: nginx
        image: nginx:latest
```

The above resource manifest contains the following:

1. Two Deployments named `testing-deployment-1` and `testing-deployment-2` in the `testing` namespace. The first Deployment has four replicas, while the second Deployment has two.

2. Two Deployments named `staging-deployment-1` and `staging-deployment-2` in the `staging` namespace. The first Deployment has four replicas, while the second Deployment has two.

> 3. Two Deployments named `production-deployment-1` and `production-deployment-2` in the `production` namespace. The first Deployment has four replicas, while the second Deployment has two replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Two Deployments named `production-deployment-1` and `production-deployment-2` in the `production` namespace. The first Deployment has four replicas, while the second Deployment has two.
```

> 3. Two Deployments named `production-deployment-1` and `production-deployment-2` in the `production` namespace. The first Deployment has four replicas, while the second Deployment has two replicas.

Reviewer: Removed the last "replicas" just to be consistent with the above.
